{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh10940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Skin-Cancer-Analysis\
\

\f1\b GROUP MEMBERS:
\f0\b0 \
Adam DeBruler, \
Andres Gomez,\
Matthew Cole,\
Meghana Bhimasani,\
Minqiu Yu,\
Romy Roballard.\
\

\f1\b OVERVIEW:
\f0\b0 \
As part of our final project at the Data Science and Analytics Bootcamp at Georgia Tech, we decided to create and train a neural network using the Skin Cancer MNIST: HAM10000 dataset found on Kaggle. The dataset consists of 10,015 dermatoscopic images from different populations, with parameters of lesion_id, image_id, diagnosis (dx), diagnosis type (dx_type), age, sex, and localization of lesion. \
\

\f1\b PROCESS:
\f0\b0 \
We used Amazon AWS RDS MySQL to host our database and AWS EC2 to create a server for our web application. We created 2 models that trained sequentially - the first is an image classification model using the skin lesion images that results in 7 outputs of dx; the second is a logistic regression model that trained on the outputs of the first model and the parameters (age, sex, localization of lesion). \
\
\
\

\f1\b Kaggle Dataset
\f0\b0 : https://www.kaggle.com/kmader/skin-cancer-mnist-ham10000\
\

\f1\b Original Data Source
\f0\b0 : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/DBW86T\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Tschandl, P., Rosendahl, C. & Kittler, H. The HAM10000 dataset, a large collection of multi-source dermatoscopic images of common pigmented skin lesion. Sci. Data 5, 180161 (2018). doi: 10.1038/sdata.2018.161\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Released Under {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt CC BY-NC-SA 4.0}} . Please refer to Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial 4.0 International Public License located in Terms tab of the original data source link for information on the Public License and disclaimer of warranties.}